Breathe out.
Breathe in.
That's it.
Breathe out.
Yang Xiaofang.
Don't be nervous.
Follow my rhythm.
When I say push, you push.
Okay, okay.
Come on, breathe in.
Breathe in.
Breathe out, breathe out.
Do I breathe through my mouth or nose?
Through your nose, use your nose!
Out through your mouth. Breathe out.
Xiaoshu.
Hurry up.
Boss, don't you worry.
Fan Zhu says
Xiaofang just got to the hospital.
Giving birth doesn't happen that fast.
What Master Jia means is,
he says by the timing,
it's definitely a boy.
Born on the fifteenth of the eighth month.
The Three Stars shine, bringing fortune and wisdom.
Red envelope.
Don't worry, it's all prepared.
Nothing can go wrong.
Xiaofang was just being stubborn before.
Once the baby is born,
with everything landing on her doorstep,
she'll have to accept it.
This Xiaofang,
she's just young and hot-headed.
Hasn't seen much of the world.
Can barely support herself,
yet she's still stubbornly holding on.
Following you is how I came to know
that reality, you know,
matters far more than saving face.
I...
You've got a death wish!
Watch your tone.
My apologies, my apologies.
Steady but swift, I mean.
Yes, yes, yes.
Right.
Steady but swift, steady but swift.
Eldest Uncle, Xiaoshu.
What are you doing here?
Has she given birth?
Boy or girl?
No news yet.
No idea what's going on
in there right now.
Don't be anxious.
Come, sit, sit, have a seat first.
Come on.
Xiaofang, I'm here, Xiaofang!
Xiaofang!
What are you shouting for?
It's not like you can give birth for her.
Wait quietly.
Aunt.
Xiao... Xiaofang.
She's been in there so long,
she'll be alright, right?
What good does panicking do?
Sit there and wait.
Ma
You're all here
You drove here?
So cool!
How's Xiaofang doing?
She gave birth.
Congratulations! It's a girl.
Four jin two liang.
Yang Bite
Our family just had a baby granddaughter!
Come on, come on!
Have a celebration egg!
Have an egg, share the good luck!
Come on, have a celebration egg!
Come on, come on!
Come on, share some good luck!
Here you go.
Share some good luck!
Uncle Yang!
Here.
Share the good luck of our granddaughter!
Good luck!
Here, two eggs for you.
Why don't you have one too?
Share the good luck.
That's right.
No more being a bad egg from now on.
Over here.
You.
Help Xiaofang make up her bed.
She'll be back any minute now.
Me? I'm off to buy her a bouquet.
Wait a second.
Take a break, will you?
I'll go.
Fanyan, come on, come on!
Fanyan!
Have a celebration egg, have an egg!
My dear in-laws!
Come, have a celebration egg.
Have an egg.
Share the good luck of our granddaughter.
I-I can't eat this stuff.
My cholesterol's too high.
No, no problem.
Look, just hear me out.
You eat the white, I'll eat the yolk.
Honestly.
Look how pretty this egg is.
Share the good luck, we put real effort in.
Everyone's happy, right?
Don't be so serious.
The baby's already born.
Shouldn't our two families
sit down
and have a proper talk?
Yes, yes, yes, right.
Let's talk.
All right.
You all carry on.
Go on, go lay some eggs.
Take a look, isn't this egg lovely?
In-laws.
No, not in-laws.
Slow down
Xiaoshu, just go back
I'll walk you back
Don't follow me
Master, my foot
Grandson, my foot
They're all con artists
Qing Cang
What are you doing standing here?
What a day I've had
Bumped up a generation again
Yang Fanzhu
You think this is easy for me?
It's not easy, not on a holiday like this
What a hassle
Here are your eggs, red eggs
Share the good luck
Red eggs
I'm just a fool
I was waiting for Xiaofang to have a boy
A boy
And what happened?
My life, my future
Everything is completely ruined.
What am I supposed to do?
So why are you yelling at me?
It's got nothing to do with me
So now it's got nothing to do with you?
That 50,000 yuan in your account
Where did it come from?
You were being a loyal buddy, weren't you?
Between brothers
What brothers?
Do you know how much I make a month?
I only make 2,000 yuan a month
And you asked me for 50,000?
Keep it down
I'll pay you back, I'll pay you back
I'll pay you back by New Year
Pay me back by New Year?
Why don't you just wait
till the kid goes to college to pay me?
Pay me back right now
I don't have it. Pay up
What are you doing?
Pay up
I don't have money
I don't have money right now, Qing Cang
I'm broke
Where's your money?
I paid off other debts
That was my money
Aren't you the loyal one.
Using my money to pay off your debts.
You're all good people
I'm the only bad egg.
I don't want to be a bad egg.
I want to turn things around
I never hurt anyone
Why me?
Give me back my money!
Qing Cang, back at my place,
I've still got a bunch of lottery tickets.
I'll definitely win your money back.
I've got great luck.
I ate the red eggs too.
Shared in the good luck.
Just you watch this time.
Qing Cang.
He even used my money to buy scratch cards!
Have an egg.
Don't cry.
This is a public place.
We agreed
Whatever I win on these scratch cards is all mine
Today it's for Bite, tomorrow it's yours
Why should it be?
Yang Bite never borrowed money from you
It's just for the kid's good luck, that's all
You didn't even give a gift today
Perfect timing
I still have to give a gift
And I've still got to give to you Yangs
How much am I supposed to spend?
Alright, alright, you...
Did you win anything?
Twenty
Just broke even
Just now on my end
I hit a fifty
That's what breaking even looks like
Boss
I'll just transfer it to you directly
Thanks for your business
Here's your bouquet
Thank you
Happy holidays
Happy Mid-Autumn Festival
Bro, this millet porridge is too plain
It's not appetizing at all
Are you the one eating it, or her?
I think this one's better
Look, five-red porridge
It replenishes blood and energy
No, no, no
This one here
It's got peanuts and red beans
Those cause bloating easily
She just gave birth
You even know all this?
Stop bugging your eyes out at me.
If I don't know, I can learn
If my old man Qian
were even half as good as you, that'd be great
You're a model dad, really
Bro, you're so sweet
I'll take all of them
Family of Yang Xiaofang
That's me
You're Yang Xiaofang's family?
I'm the child's...
Fa... father
Sorry, I...
I've got no strength left
It's fine
This is the newborn's
birth condition record form
Please keep it safe
I'm a father now
Grandma
Where's the baby?
In the incubator, don't worry.
Bite is very healthy.
He's just a little small.
But he'll catch up soon enough.
You're all so tight-lipped.
Nobody even told me
that giving birth hurts so much!
My whole body feels like it fell apart
and got put back together.
Before I even got the chance to tell you,
you were already pregnant.
you'd already given birth.
Grandma,
you had four kids.
Did every one of them hurt this much?
Every single one hurt.
But you know,
the moment you see your baby,
a voice inside just tells you,
Done!
No way, no way, end of discussion.
Fanyan, it's settled then.
She'll do her postpartum confinement at our place.
We promise to take good care of Xiaofang.
Don't flatter yourself.
Just get over yourself.
Hold on.
What do you mean, flatter myself?
Yeah, we're proud of ourselves.
We dare to dream and dare to do.
Take care now.
Come again sometime.
Bro.
Fireworks!
So clueless.
Quick, quick, quick, come on!
So beautiful!
Whether you're a mom or not,
life, you know,
should be just like these fireworks,
lived brilliantly.
Done!
Nicely done!
Jingjing, happy Mid-Autumn Festival!
Can I have a candied hawthorn stick
as a gift?
Happy Mid-Autumn Festival!
Happy Mid-Autumn!
All this time,
thanks to you and Fanyan.
Bro.
Happy Mid-Autumn!
My eldest granddaughter.
Happy Mid-Autumn Festival!
Happy Mid-Autumn!
Now you're doing it on purpose!
Grandma.
Happy Mid-Autumn!
Fan Mei
You're back
Yeah, I'm back
Ma
Grab one of the eggs
Me? Me? Me?
Then I won't take one for now
My bag
Right
So small
Old Qi!
Come here, come here!
You look bright and cheery today!
Here, have some red eggs, some red eggs!
Our granddaughter's home!
So Xiaofang and Xiaowei made up, huh?
Congratulations, congratulations!
Young folks have their little spats.
They patched it up ages ago.
And that granddaughter of mine,
she's such a pretty little thing!
Uncle Qi, Uncle Qi.
A granddaughter's all well and good,
but why didn't Xiaofang give you
a fine grandson instead?
I've had my fill of raising sons!
That's right.
Sons are nothing but debt.
Let me tell you,
after all this trouble,
I finally got a granddaughter!
Come to the one-month party when it's time!
Will do!
Thank you! Congratulations!
Sure, sure, sure!
Old Qi.
Looks like the one-month party and the wedding
will be one big celebration, huh?
Well, uh...
Our Xiaofang hasn't agreed to it.
Is this really a good idea?
What's there to fear? The baby's born!
The whole village knows
it's the Qi family's blood.
This is called breaking news.
Get the word out first,
and the Yang family won't have a say.
Come on, let's head to the Yang place.
Alright, alright, let's go, let's go!
Give us a heads-up when the time comes!
You bet!
What... what do you think you're doing?
What are you doing?
You rotten scoundrel!
Our Yang Bite just fell asleep
and you set off firecrackers
scaring the baby!
I'll make sure you never sleep well again!
I was just celebrating!
I didn't mean to scare the baby
My family had the baby,
so what have you got to celebrate?
You're even handing out red eggs
What, Bie Qiumei,
answering the nation's call,
you got pregnant again?
Back at my place,
I've got chicken soup stewing for Xiaofang
I'm heading back now
Why is she leaving?
Yang Fan Mei,
you've lived in the big city too
Can't you show a little class?
Don't just curse at every turn
After all, our families are in-laws
In-laws?
More like enemies living across the way
Get lost, now!
Don't let me see your face!
Fan Mei!
You... you... you...
What kind of water did you just throw?
This smell...
Water from washing Yang Bite's butt.
I'm honored!
This I can accept
Retreat!
Okay, okay, let's go
Go, go, go! Go, go, go! Let's go!
Why is she always sleeping?
When will she wake up and play with me?
Kids are angels when they're asleep.
And demons when they're awake.
If you want to play, now's the time.
That's no fun.
I want to hear her call me Uncle.
Dandan.
Wanting to be an uncle already, huh?
Here, have some eggs. I made them for you.
Aunt.
I just had two bowls of soup.
I'm really pretty full.
These are fried in camellia oil.
A folk remedy to boost milk supply.
Come on.
If it really doesn't work,
just give Bite formula, I mean.
Don't be silly.
Let me tell you something.
I'll leave this here for you to eat later.
Jingjing, you know,
when she was little, it was because
she didn't get enough breast milk.
And so from a young age,
she was always getting sick.
Formula,
how could it ever compare to breast milk?
But I looked it up.
These days, formula
is just as nutritious as breast milk.
That's a hidden ad.
Don't believe it.
I've got two more soups too.
Pigeon soup and fish soup.
You've got to finish them all.
Don't you worry.
In just a few days,
your milk will be flowing
just like Niagara Falls.
I've already had so many bowls today.
Don't taste it! No sneaking bites!
You want some?
I'm still growing, you know.
I can eat as much as you've got.
It's all yours.
Come on, eat up.
Here.
This tastes awful.
There's no salt in it, is there?
It's completely bland.
Why are they making you eat this?
It boosts my milk supply.
Aren't these diapers supposed to be leak-proof?
How did she manage to leak this much?
I'll wash it, I'll wash it.
Uncle, go take a rest.
Hold on.
You're being nice, so you're up to no good.
I'd better do it myself.
How could you think that of me?
These are my daughter's clothes.
If I don't wash them, who will?
Am I right?
Whatever chores you've got, just tell me.
I can handle them all.
Xiaowei, I think
you've got a point.
You're better at this than me.
Go on, do a good job.
Okay.
Fan Zhu.
Quick, they're calling you.
Hurry, big job to do, go, go!
Fan Zhu.
So much stuff, is something broken here?
The roof's broken.
In-laws.
On a hot day like this, keeping busy?
I'll poke you.
Go on!
What is it?
I poked you.
I stewed some chicken soup for Xiaofang.
A little black-boned rooster.
To help build up her strength.
Let me tell you something.
Our family doesn't need it.
Don't be like that, glaring at me.
What's the matter?
We're all one family.
Right, Ma means well.
Dad.
Who are you calling Dad?
Who's your dad?
Uncle, Uncle, Uncle Yang.
What about Bite, then?
She's my daughter too, you know.
Bite's your daughter, huh?
Xiaofang
is my daughter.
Bite
is my granddaughter.
People from our family
and people from your family
on the same household register.
Disgusting.
Huzi.
What are you doing, talking like that?
Xiaowei, hurry up.
This, this, this...
Go, go, go, get on it.
Huzi, Huzi.
Xiaofang.
Auntie stewed some chicken soup for you.
Drink it up quick.
Build up your strength.
Huzi.
How about I help you with something?
Help me by
getting out of here fast.
Huzi.
You look really good today.
Your little eyes are so bright.
Fortune's smiling on you.
I'm heading back now.
Xiaofang.
Drink the chicken soup, build up your strength.
Um...
The chicken soup my ma stewed,
drink it while it's hot.
I can't stomach any more chicken soup.
The smell alone makes me sick.
It's so disgusting.
What's wrong?
I've got no milk.
They stew all kinds of soup every day.
Several bowls a day, to boost my milk supply.
If you don't want it, don't drink it.
Um...
No milk? We can just use formula.
You really think that way?
What do you feel like eating?
I'll go buy it for you.
Hold your daughter first.
Baby.
Come, let Mommy hold you, okay?
Me?
Who else?
Put the chicken soup down, how can you hold him?
Okay
Baby
Support his bottom
Support his neck
She's so tiny and soft.
It's okay
We'll
grow up little by little
As long as
today, compared to yesterday,
you grow just a tiny bit more,
weigh just a tiny bit more,
that's all that matters, right?
She's asleep.
Your mom's asleep too.
She's tired.
Let's not disturb her.
So, how is it?
Getting used to studying here for a while?
We're not going back to find my dad.
Why would we?
He's still dodging his debts.
Xiaofang.
The Qi family's soup to boost milk supply
was delivered right on schedule.
So greasy,
full of lymph nodes,
and herbs to boost milk supply, huh?
They're terrified the baby might go hungry,
but they don't care about our Xiaofang at all!
My advice? This soup,
let's not drink it.
Things could get complicated later.
I mean, think about it.
The moment they heard it's a girl,
Eldest Uncle and Qing Cang
vanished without a trace.
But this Qi Deyao,
he's running around shouting for joy,
making a big fuss.
I bet he's got his eye on little Bite.
Everyone's got their own scheme.
Eldest Uncle isn't short of money.
What he wants is to carry on the family line.
Once the Qi family has a grandson,
it's like installing a money pit.
They're just waiting for our Bite
to earn his marriage money.
Ma, don't worry.
I'll earn my own money to get married.
You don't need to worry about it.
Thinking that far ahead already.
Just now, Bie Qiumei
gave me a little hint.
Their family's bride price
can go up to this much.
That much?
And that's just the starting point.
From the way Bie Qiumei
was hinting between the lines,
this price
could still go higher.
So generous?
Are they really turning over a new leaf?
Fat chance.
That Qi Deyao,
he's slyer than a monkey.
I think it's not just that he's after
our Bite being able, in the future,
to earn back his marriage money.
So why is he so eager right now,
what's it really about?
Aunt, Second Aunt,
you two just stay out of this.
Then what are you really thinking?
Right.
Qi Xiaowei comes over every single day,
holding the baby and won't let go,
and you don't seem to chase him off.
He's the baby's father.
Him coming to see the baby,
isn't that perfectly normal?
That's how you see it,
but that's not how they see it.
What do you mean?
If you don't make things clear,
they'll think
you're stringing him along.
So what am I supposed to do?
Do I have to be
at war with him,
like oil and water?
Then tell us, honestly,
what exactly are you two now?
Yeah.
What are you?
I'm Bite's mom.
He's Bite's dad.
So the two of us are simply
non-spousal relatives.
There's no such thing in the law.
Here.
Grandma.
Drink this soup.
You just finished postpartum confinement.
You need to nourish yourself.
Build up your energy and blood.
Grandma.
I've drunk plenty of soup already.
I just don't have any milk.
It's all just going to my own body.
Your body is still run-down right now.
No milk, no problem.
Let's feed her formula for now.
When I gave birth to your aunt,
I had no milk either.
She drank rice water.
Look how well she turned out.
Ma.
Don't spoil her too much.
Don't forget that Bite
is also your great-granddaughter.
Can you really bear to feed her formula?
Right now,
I only care about my granddaughter.
The great-granddaughter
comes second.
Grandma, I love you.
Careful, careful, careful.
I love you too.
Honestly.
After all that effort,
she didn't drink a single sip.
She just sent it back to me.
Mom, don't send it anymore.
Xiaofang doesn't like it.
Isn't it because she has no milk?
Isn't this to boost her milk supply?
She can just drink formula.
And it has to be goat milk formula.
I looked it up.
Goat milk formula is easier to absorb.
So how much does that formula cost?
Eight hundred.
How much?
I mean, come on.
They used to say hens lay golden eggs.
Now goats give golden milk.
How much is a pound of mutton even?
One can of formula is eight hundred.
That Yang family
must be hiding their wealth.
They're pretty rich, huh.
Enough, quit your yapping.
You keep calling her your granddaughter,
but from her birth until now,
you haven't spent a single cent.
Shouldn't you
buy a few cans of formula and send them over?
Send what? No way.
We'll talk after they're properly married.
Hey.
Done eating.
You're done eating,
so where are you off to?
Shower, then sleep.
You didn't even make it clear.
Does she want the
goat milk or the mountain-goat milk,
or the sheep milk?
What kind of soup is this?
Why does it taste like this?
I added a lot of tonic herbs.
No wonder it tastes so awful.
Wait, am I seeing this right?
You're seeing it right.
No way.
So this is what you found for Bite,
his future wet nurse?
Qi Deyao,
your twisted little mind
is more crooked than a mountain road.
Everyone,
I'm dead serious here.
This one
just had her first offspring.
Colostrum is worth its weight in gold!
If our Bite drinks her milk,
he'll be full every time.
Do you have any common sense?
Milk squeezed from this goat,
you'd give it straight to a baby?
Explaining to him is useless.
IQ of 80, still on the bottle himself.
Qi Deyao,
head out, cross the road,
lead it home and squeeze the milk yourself!
Your IQ is underdeveloped.
Go nourish it good.
Hold on,
just think about it.
You drag her all the way here,
what about her own baby?
It'll have no milk to drink!
You're stealing its mother!
That's just vicious.
Now hurry, hurry, hurry,
lead this goat granny away.
Bah!
Goat granny, my foot.
She's the wet nurse.
She's fated to be with you.
I mean, she's a Yang, a goat,
and your family name's Yang too.
That makes you kin!
Just boil the goat milk,
and it's sterilized, isn't it?
I spent a fortune on this.
I came to bring some warmth.
Bring warmth?
Give us cold hard cash instead.
We can't afford to keep a live animal.
Come on now,
fresh goat milk beats formula for nutrition!
Formula's so expensive.
I'm saving you money here.
This goat looks pretty plump to me.
Not skinny at all.
If we pair her with a bit of
cumin and chili, drizzled on top,
oh man...
No, no, no,
you can't eat this one!
I have to return her when I'm done.
Once she steps into the Yang house,
she's a Yang family goat.
Tonight we're having roast whole goat!
We'll invite the whole neighborhood.
Braised goat meat,
steamed goat meat.
We gotta retreat now.
This place is way too dangerous.
There's not one decent soul in this family.
He wants to eat you.
Go!
Hurry, hurry, let's go!
Move it, quick, quick, quick, go!
Go, go, go, hurry!
Or they'll turn you into roast goat!
Just stay, then.
Qi Xiaowei really should
see his dad acting like this.
Where's Qi Xiaowei, anyway?
Usually he's over here every single day.
How come there's no sign of him today?
The work over here
mainly involves clearing away fallen leaves,
wiping down equipment, that kind of thing.
It's simple.
But there's still a probation period.
Do a good job.
Don't worry, I'll definitely work hard.
All right.
I'll head over first.
Call me if you need anything.
Okay.
Hey, buddy
Don't I know you?
You look kind of familiar
Buddy
Turn around so I can get a look at you
Now I remember
I'd know you even in disguise
Babe, who is he?
Him?
He's a legend
Back then
his girlfriend
was carrying his kid
came over with a big belly
for a blind date with me
So bold
But I wasn't interested
You know what I mean?
His girlfriend
had no class at all
and wasn't as pretty as you
Right?
Look at him
wearing a hat
throwing on a vest, like
What nonsense are you talking?
What, gonna hit me again?
Aren't you?
Go on, hit me
I'll get you fired in a second
You believe me?
Have fun
How can someone be like that?
No class at all, I mean
Exactly
Let's go, babe
Let's go try that one over there
Pathetic
Once a guy becomes a dad
he really is different
Why are there so many packages?
And they're all Xiaofang's.
You think it's all fine once the baby's born?
The food, the supplies...
Don't we have to buy it all?
You've clearly never been a dad.
You have no idea.
Even being a dad's pointless for you.
What dad ever looks after his kid?
So worked up first thing in the morning.
What's this?
Why'd Xiaofang buy so much formula?
Is she not planning to breastfeed?
Bite needs to drink it, obviously.
I'll take it over there.
Bite's used to the bottle now.
So breastfeeding is even harder.
Put it away.
You keep your mouth shut.
Or else...
Let me.
It's so heavy.
You alone?
Keep up.
Opening the packages?
Did you not grab them all?
Maybe they haven't all arrived.
No, they did arrive.
Why do you look so guilty?
Uncle.
Guilty of what? Me, guilty?
Did you see my formula?
Sis.
Aren't we opening packages, sis?
Opening the packages now.
Aunt, did you see my formula?
I saw it.
Then give it to me.
I put it away for you.
You can't give up right now.
I bought you a breast pump.
If that doesn't work,
I'll find you another one.
That lactation consultant.
There's always a way out.
Aunt.
I'm Yang Xiaofang.
I'm not a dairy cow.
Yang Xiaofang's a mom now.
You can't be so willful anymore.
What is it?
What are you looking for?
Once I, Yang Fan Mei, hide something,
you think you'll find it?
I'm not looking for formula.
I want Grandma's prickly pear wine.
Trying that trick on me?
Drink some wine,
and then you can't feed Bite, right?
The wine?
Your aunt hid it all away.
Right now, wine
is contraband in this house.
Let me see.
The popsicles are hidden too.
No spicy food either.
Off-limits, off-limits.
Just do whatever the family says.
You've got this.
Xiaofang
I bought a few things for Bite
What's wrong?
Why are you crying?
Moo.
What's with the mooing?
Whatever's wrong, just tell me.
I'll take care of it.
Right now, your problems
are my top priority.
I'm just a dairy cow now.
Every single day, all I do
is drink soup
to boost milk supply.
Didn't we agree on formula?
Now the whole family revolves
around this one thing.
Aunt and Auntie are in the kitchen all day,
cooking five or six meals a day.
I'm so stuffed I could throw up,
while the baby cries from hunger.
I'm not Yang Xiaofang anymore.
I'm a dairy cow.
A cow that can't even make milk.
What's wrong with being a cow?
I'm just a little mutt myself.
It's all good.
Put this on and he'll stop crying.
Here.
Take it.
Hold on to it.
You've got me, so relax.
Just go on being Yang Xiaofang.
I'll take care of the baby.
I'll earn the formula money.
I can earn the formula money myself.
But...
But what?
Tomorrow, watch Bite for me.
I've got serious business to handle.
Sure.
Mind telling me what it is?
To find out what happens next,
stay tuned for the next episode.
I'm a super VIP member.
What's wrong?
No, no, no.
Fresh beef.
Cured ribs and cured pork.
Lamb rolls and duck blood.
Boss!
Make the broth insanely spicy.
Hey, miss
I'm a photographer traveling here
Can I invite you to take a photo?
That pose looks great
Time to sleep
Don't cry, don't cry
Beautiful
Let's add each other on WeChat
I'll send you the photos
Sure
You're a mom already?
You can't tell at all
That's so cool!
Right
Being a mom is cool in itself
Starting now
I'll take care of my daughter
And you take care of your daughter
Got it, Uncle Yang
I've decided
to stop breastfeeding
Why do you two have such bad luck?
Because you're too soft on men
and too hard on yourselves
I want a divorce
I must have been blind
with these lousy eyes of mine
to ever pick you
We're through